# django-blog-hvad

## Introduction

django-blog-hvad is a simple yet useful Django application you can use to create a beautiful blog for free!

## Features

* **Full standards compliance**

    **Web standards**

    Any HTML, CSS and/or JavaScript code provided and generated by *django-blog-hvad* complies with web standards, meaning that they're all valid. The HTML meets accessibility and semantic guidelines of W3C.

    **Feeds**

    A feed is a data format that provides users frequently updated content, like a blog. *django-blog-hvad* supports **RSS 2.0** and **Atom 1.0**.

* **Multilingual**

    As it name implies, django-blog-hvad is built upon *django-hvad* that allows us to manage translations in a painless way. In django-blog-hvad posting page, you'll see a tab for each language you define in the settings file. That way, you'll have the chance to easily manage multilingual content.

* **Categories**

    Posts are listed under one or more categories. Categories have hierarchy; so a category may have a parent category and many children, if necessary. Using categories, posts can be grouped together.

* **Tags**

    Posts can be listed under zero or more tags to group posts having similar content. Also, this facilitates navigation of posts. Note that unlike categories, tags do not have hierarchy. For handling tags, *django-taggit-hvad* is used.

* **SEO Friendly**

    Search engine rankings of a website are critical for its long-term value. As a blogger, your job is to generate useful content; but it's django-blog-hvad's job to provide you tools that help you publish them in a simple; but SEO-friendly way.

    With django-blog-hvad, you can customize your page's title, meta tags and URLs. With its multilingual support, you can define these for each language you support. Also, it generates your blog's sitemap automatically, though you can customize it if needed.
    
* **Social Media Friendly**

    When it comes to social media, sharing is the keyword. Everyday we use Facebook's "like" button, Twitter's "share" button, Google's "+1" button, etc. Each of these social networks has its own way of handling integration with our sites. As web site owners, we have to know all of these methods and implement them. That's a lot of work! But luckily, django-blog-hvad already knows about these and provide you tools to implement them.
    
* **Markdown or HTML**

    Posts can be written both in pure HTML or Markdown language.

* **Related posts**

    Posts are considered as related to each other via tags. Relates posts of a post can be fetched from the database easily.

* **Comments**

    Disqus comments are supported.

* **Advanced searching**

    Haystack is used for searching.

## License

django-blog-hvad licensed under the terms of the Apache License, version 2.0. For more information, see LICENSE file.
